8910 Add integration tests for removing Observations from a bundle (#11318)
CDCgov/prime-reportstream: prime-router/src/testIntegration/resources/datatests/README.md

- **Output format** - HL7, HL7_BATCH, CSV or INTERNAL
- **Result** - set to PASS to denote the test is expected to pass, FAIL for tests that
  expected to fail.

> - **Condition Filter** - a FHIR Path expression or a hint for test to do in condition
>   filter and FHIR bundle pruning during translation

Reviewer: Would something like this be accurate?

```suggestion
- **Condition Filter** - a FHIR Path expression to use as a condition filter; alternatively, set to 
  `pruneUnwanted` to do FHIR bundle pruning during translation.
```
